**Project Directors:**
Professor Shane White
Professor Stephen Roberston
Professor Stephen Garton
Dr Graham White

**Project url:** http://digitalharlem.org/

**Summary**
I decided to review “Digital Harlem” for my second blog review. My mother grew up in Harlem, so I thought that this would be an interesting project to look at. The objective of the project was to focus on the lives of Africans in Harlem between 1915 and 1930 since most projects of this nature focus on African Americans. It provides interactive maps and passages for visitors to click. 

https://github.com/JaelinWashington/Jaelin-Washington/blob/main/images/Screenshot%20(26).png

**Project Content**
Digital Harlem’s interactive nature makes it an especially easy website to understand. The creators stated on the website under the FAQ tab that they wanted to visualize their sources as opposed to writing about them. I think that this strategy proved to be a very useful one. The project’s information is essentially all on the home page. 

The home page is a bit overwhelming at first glance, but once you get past the map that takes up most of the screen, it’s simple to figure out. Along the top of the screen there headers that open up individual text boxes when clicked on. These text boxes serve as guidance to anyone that has questions regarding how to use the website’s features correctly. I believe that the intention of these headers was to make using the website simpler, but not all of them are labeled accurately. They appear as if they lead to a separate page that is going to further explain the topics that they are describing, but they only include instructions. As I stated before, this is a helpful tool, I just don’t think that the labels/ headers properly allude to what information they entail. 

https://github.com/JaelinWashington/Jaelin-Washington/blob/main/images/Screenshot%20(27).png

**Technology & Usability**
The blog contains five separate sections, all with different labels. The label names consist of: Churches, Sports, Numbers Arrests, January 1925, and Nightlife. Clicking on any of these boxes will open a new text box to the left of the map, with information about the topic. The map also changes to show various important locations based on whatever topic you choose. You are given the option to select which areas you wish to be shown, and you can choose to make certain ones disappear by selecting on a list to the side of the screen. There is also a legend located above the map to the right that shows all of the symbols that the map uses. 

With that being said, the website’s appearance is overall clear and concise. It is obvious that the map is the center of the focus for the blog, and its placement makes it hard to ignore. Clicking on one of the five boxes to the right of the box will not take you to a new screen, but instead opens up a new text box to the left of the map. A highlighted area appears on the map, placing emphasis on the area that you have clicked on. I really liked the fact that clicking on things on this blog does not suddenly take you to a new page entirely, as that could get confusing with this much information. 

