# TEI Code

For this assignment, I was tasked with coding four sections of Charlotte Perkins-Stetsman's "The Yellow Wallpaper." I coded sections from pages thirty-five, thirty-six, thirty- seven, and thirty-eight using Oxygen, a coding software that I was able to download to my cp. The program was easy to use after watching the recording that was provided for us, and the tags on Blackboard sped the entire process up a great deal.

In class we were given time to markup a google doc in order to make the coding process simpler, and while I did not mark on the google doc, the re-typed sections made the story much easier to read. The actual manuscript was pretty difficult to see, for me at least, and I really appreciated the help that the google doc provided.

I, like a few others I would imagine, was quite afraid to begin coding. I had to take a few coding courses as a child, but since then my memory of the subject has faded quite a bit. I had no idea where or how to begin, and I feared that my lack of knowledge would be detrimental to my ability to complete this project. However, once I watched the online tutorial and carefully followed the prompt on the course website, all of my fears went away. Thankfully my laptop cooperated and did not delete any of my work half way through, and I was able to complete the assignment in about one hour. The simplicity of this program made me realize that I had been nervous for no reason. The green light at the top of the screen, along with the guidelines that would appear if you typed something wrong made this experience an enjoyable one. 
[Alt Text](https://Jaelin-Washington.github.io/Jaelin-Washington/images/Screenshot%20(19).png)  

This assignment really made me step out of my comfort zone, and I'm glad it did because I never would have tried something like this on my own. I'm not sure how I will be able to apply this new knowledge in the future, since I'm not a STEM major of any kind, but I'm looking forward to being able to tell my peers that I can code! 















